monochrome
==========

A horror-survival-puzzler. Survive a night in a cursed house where silence chokes out color.

Table of Contents
=================
Introduction

Design

Mechanics

Plot

Introduction
============

> To live in this world, you must be able to do three things: 
> to love what is mortal; 
> to hold it against your bones knowing your own life depends on it; 
> and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go.
>   *- Mary Oliver*

You've been dared to stay a night in the haunted house up on the hill. Rumors abound of creatures
and ghasts that roam its halls; nearly every third child has some spook-story about the time they
neared a window; and the adults in your town all forbid nearing it, "just in case."

No one has knocked on that door in years.

Of course, you figure this is just because adults recognize that the fear generated by places
like that make them havens for criminals sometimes. You're old enough that you might agree with 
that idea if there were ever any arrests in your little po-dunk town. Nothing happens here. 
Reminds you of that anime you used to watch.

So no. No one lives there. No one uses it. The dust on the door handle screams that to you.
You've been dared to stay a night here. You're seventeen. You've got this. Flashlight, batteries,
a little snack, a book to read, a candle, matches. You've got this. 

You clasp down your thumb on the handle and open the door. 

You've got this.

Design
======
*If you're looking for detailed design documents, look here.*

Our core design tenets for this game are as follows:
* Prioritize experience over plot. 
* Emphasize replayability.
* I don't remember

Mechanics
=========
*If you're looking for spoiler-heavy mechanics design, look here.*

The core mechanic of Monochrome is that everything is, well, monochromatic. Except sound. Sounds
in the environment will produce rippling splashes of color, indicating to you as the player very
clearly what is happening around you and why. Remember, it is a survival game, so you gotta be 
sneaky...

Plot
====

LOL
